DOCSP-27087 adding add pipeline text view section (#446)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/aggregation-pipeline-builder.txt

  or ``$searchMeta`` stages on a :ref:`time series collection
  <manual-timeseries-landing>`.

.. _create-agg-pipeline:

> Create an Aggregation Pipeline : Stage View Mode

Reviewer: [suggestion]

This page already has a lot of headings (probably could use a refactor to break tasks into separate pages, as part of a separate ticket). Consider nesting the Stage View Mode and Text View Mode headings under a single top-level "Create an Aggregation Pipeline" heading.

As in:

```
Create an Aggregation Pipeline
------------------------------

<some kind of introductory text about creating a pipeline>

h2. Stage View Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

...

h2. Text View Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

...

------------------------------------------------

.. include:: /includes/steps/create-agg-pipeline.rst

.. _create-agg-pipeline-textview:

Create an Aggregation Pipeline : Text View Mode
-----------------------------------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: normal

   .. step:: In the aggregation pipeline pane, click the 
      :guilabel:`</> TEXT` toggle switch to enable text mode for 
      pipeline editing.

      .. figure:: /images/compass/agg-builder-textview-toggle-on.png
         :alt: Toggle textmode on

   .. step:: Enter valid aggregation syntax in the newly prompted 

>       text editor. The following syntax will limit the query results 
>       to ``4`` documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text editor. The following example pipeline limits the query results 
      to ``4`` documents.
```

      .. code-block:: javascript

         [ { "$limit" : 4 } ]

      .. figure:: /images/compass/agg-builder-textview-edit.png
         :alt: Edit the text aggregation pipeline

   .. step:: Click :guilabel:`Run` at the top right of the pipeline builder. 
      |compass-short| returns your results in the document view.

      .. figure:: /images/compass/agg-builder-textview-agg-results.png
         :alt: Results after Running Aggregation

>    .. step:: **(Optional)** Click the :guilabel:`OUTPUT OPTIONS` dropdown 

Reviewer: Per the [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/capitalization/#capitalize-ui-labels-as-shown-on-the-ui), we should use initial capitalization for UI elements which appear in all caps:

> As an exception, any UI element that appears in all capitals should be initial capitalized in the documentation. It reads as shouting at the user otherwise.

Suggest making this change for other all-caps UI elements mentioned in this PR as well.

Create an Aggregation Pipeline
------------------------------

> Aggregation pipelines can be created in 2 seperate modes:

Reviewer: For numbers zero through nine, we should write out the name of the actual number. (See [Numbers](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/numbers/) in the style guide)

> - Stage View Mode, a visual click based pipeline editor which 

Reviewer: Maybe hyphenated "click-based". Same for "text-based" in the next bullet.

>   preloads pipeline syntax based on user selections.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "user", we can use second person to talk directly to the reader. As in:

"preloads pipeline syntax based on your selected stages."

or something like that.

- Text View Mode, a text based pipeline editor which accepts raw

>   pipeline syntax. 

Reviewer: I think for both of these "which" should be "that".

I'm loosing basing this recommendation off of this [article](https://www.diffen.com/difference/That_vs_Which), which states that generally when we use "which" it should appear after a comma.

.. _create-agg-pipeline-stageview:

Stage View Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> |

Reviewer: Are these pipes intentional?

Reviewer: @ianf-mongodb wondering if this comment got missed?

.. include:: /includes/steps/create-agg-pipeline.rst

.. _create-agg-pipeline-textview:

Text View Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|

.. procedure::
   :style: normal

   .. step:: In the aggregation pipeline pane, click the 
      :guilabel:`</> Text` toggle switch to enable text mode for 
      pipeline editing.

      .. figure:: /images/compass/agg-builder-textview-toggle-on.png
         :alt: Toggle textmode on

   .. step:: Enter valid aggregation syntax in the newly prompted 
      text editor. The following example pipeline limits the query 

>       results to ``4`` documents.

Reviewer: [minimalism]

I think we can omit "newly prompted" here. Removing it might make this read a bit more smoothly.
